Dad way
Nope.
Li Yi chose an ordinary girl as his secretary
I don't understand either.
That useless wife is quite beautiful
Is he tired of playing with beautiful women and wants to change the taste
Go investigate that girl
You didn't even have an interview
Just make him a secretary
I don't get it either.
I'd like to see who he is
I'll let you know if there are changes by then.
OK
Mr. Li, this is your departure from this plan
I've sorted it all out.
Please observe
Nice
Then you talk first
I'm going to make tea
I didn't expect Wang Xuemei's killer to be so fast
Your eyes are amazing
Gold will get angry anywhere
By the way, I will go to the royal family in the afternoon to talk about the project.
You go, too.
Ideas and design drawings
I have already explained it to Wang Xuemei.
He goes with you
I'm going to the hospital to see Xiaoxue